Carthage/Checkouts/Quick/Externals/Nimble/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Welcome to Nimble!](#welcome-to-nimble!)
  - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  - [Building the Project](#building-the-project)
  - [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
    - [Style Conventions](#style-conventions)
  - [Core Members](#core-members)
    - [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Welcome to Nimble!

We're building a testing framework for a new generation of Swift and
Objective-C developers.

Nimble should be easy to use and easy to maintain. Let's keep things
simple and well-tested.

**tl;dr:** If you've added a file to the project, make sure it's
included in both the OS X and iOS targets.

## Reporting Bugs

Nothing is off-limits. If you're having a problem, we want to hear about
it.

- See a crash? File an issue.
- Code isn't compiling, but you don't know why? Sounds like you should
  submit a new issue, bud.
- Went to the kitchen, only to forget why you went in the first place?
  Better submit an issue.

## Building the Project

- Use `Nimble.xcproj` to work on Nimble.

## Pull Requests

- Nothing is trivial. Submit pull requests for anything: typos,
  whitespace, you name it.
- Not all pull requests will be merged, but all will be acknowledged. If
  no one has provided feedback on your request, ping one of the owners
  by name.
- Make sure your pull request includes any necessary updates to the
  README or other documentation.
- Be sure the unit tests for both the OS X and iOS targets of Nimble
  before submitting your pull request. You can run all the OS X & iOS unit
  tests using `./test`.
- If you've added a file to the project, make sure it's included in both
  the OS X and iOS targets.
- To make minor updates to old versions of Nimble that support Swift
  1.1, issue a pull request against the `swift-1.1` branch. The master
  branch supports Swift 1.2. Travis CI will only pass for pull requests
  issued against the `swift-1.1` branch.

### Style Conventions

- Indent using 4 spaces.
- Keep lines 100 characters or shorter. Break long statements into
  shorter ones over multiple lines.
- In Objective-C, use `#pragma mark -` to mark public, internal,
  protocol, and superclass methods.

## Core Members

If a few of your pull requests have been merged, and you'd like a
controlling stake in the project, file an issue asking for write access
to the repository.

### Code of Conduct

Your conduct as a core member is your own responsibility, but here are
some "ground rules":

- Feel free to push whatever you want to master, and (if you have
  ownership permissions) to create any repositories you'd like.

  Ideally, however, all changes should be submitted as GitHub pull
  requests. No one should merge their own pull request, unless no
  other core members respond for at least a few days.

  If you'd like to create a new repository, it'd be nice if you created
  a GitHub issue and gathered some feedback first.

- It'd be awesome if you could review, provide feedback on, and close
  issues or pull requests submitted to the project. Please provide kind,
  constructive feedback. Please don't be sarcastic or snarky.

### Creating a Release

The process is relatively straight forward, but here's is a useful checklist for tagging:

- Bump the version in `Nimble.podspec` (update, commit, push to github)
- Look a changes from the previously tagged release and write release notes: `git log v0.4.0...HEAD`
- Tag the version: `git tag -s vA.B.C -F release-notes-file`
- Push the tag: `git push origin master --tags`
- Push the podspec file to trunk: `pod trunk push Nimble.podspec`
- Build the carthage pre-built binary:
  - `carthage build --no-skip-current`
  - `carthage archive Nimble`
- Go to [github releases](https://github.com/Quick/Nimble/releases) and mark the tagged commit as a release.
  - Use the same release notes you created for the tag, but tweak up formatting for github.
  - Attach the carthage release `Nimble.framework.zip` to the release.
- Announce!

Commit message:

Update Cartfile to install tagged versions of frameworks.

Carthage/Checkouts/Quick/Externals/Nimble/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Welcome to Nimble!](#welcome-to-nimble!)
  - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  - [Building the Project](#building-the-project)
  - [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
    - [Style Conventions](#style-conventions)
  - [Core Members](#core-members)
    - [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Welcome to Nimble!

We're building a testing framework for a new generation of Swift and
Objective-C developers.

Nimble should be easy to use and easy to maintain. Let's keep things
simple and well-tested.

**tl;dr:** If you've added a file to the project, make sure it's
included in both the OS X and iOS targets.

## Reporting Bugs

Nothing is off-limits. If you're having a problem, we want to hear about
it.

- See a crash? File an issue.
- Code isn't compiling, but you don't know why? Sounds like you should
  submit a new issue, bud.
- Went to the kitchen, only to forget why you went in the first place?
  Better submit an issue.

## Building the Project

- Use `Nimble.xcproj` to work on Nimble.

## Pull Requests

- Nothing is trivial. Submit pull requests for anything: typos,
  whitespace, you name it.
- Not all pull requests will be merged, but all will be acknowledged. If
  no one has provided feedback on your request, ping one of the owners
  by name.
- Make sure your pull request includes any necessary updates to the
  README or other documentation.
- Be sure the unit tests for both the OS X and iOS targets of Nimble
  before submitting your pull request. You can run all the OS X & iOS unit
  tests using `./test`.
- If you've added a file to the project, make sure it's included in both
  the OS X and iOS targets.
- To make minor updates to old versions of Nimble that support Swift
  1.1, issue a pull request against the `swift-1.1` branch. The master
  branch supports Swift 1.2. Travis CI will only pass for pull requests
  issued against the `swift-1.1` branch.
- If you're making a configuration change, make sure to edit both the xcode
  project and the podspec file.

### Style Conventions

- Indent using 4 spaces.
- Keep lines 100 characters or shorter. Break long statements into
  shorter ones over multiple lines.
- In Objective-C, use `#pragma mark -` to mark public, internal,
  protocol, and superclass methods.

## Core Members

If a few of your pull requests have been merged, and you'd like a
controlling stake in the project, file an issue asking for write access
to the repository.

### Code of Conduct

Your conduct as a core member is your own responsibility, but here are
some "ground rules":

- Feel free to push whatever you want to master, and (if you have
  ownership permissions) to create any repositories you'd like.

  Ideally, however, all changes should be submitted as GitHub pull
  requests. No one should merge their own pull request, unless no
  other core members respond for at least a few days.

  If you'd like to create a new repository, it'd be nice if you created
  a GitHub issue and gathered some feedback first.

- It'd be awesome if you could review, provide feedback on, and close
  issues or pull requests submitted to the project. Please provide kind,
  constructive feedback. Please don't be sarcastic or snarky.

### Creating a Release

The process is relatively straight forward, but here's is a useful checklist for tagging:

- Look a changes from the previously tagged release and write release notes: `git log v0.4.0...HEAD`
- Run the release script: `./script/release A.B.C release-notes-file`
- Go to [github releases](https://github.com/Quick/Nimble/releases) and mark the tagged commit as a release.
  - Use the same release notes you created for the tag, but tweak up formatting for github.
  - Attach the carthage release `Nimble.framework.zip` to the release.
- Announce!
