Carthage/Checkouts/ReactiveCocoa/Carthage/Checkouts/Quick/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](http://doctoc.herokuapp.com/)*

- [Welcome to Quick!](#welcome-to-quick!)
  - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  - [Building the Project](#building-the-project)
  - [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
    - [Style Conventions](#style-conventions)
  - [Core Members](#core-members)
    - [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
  - [Creating a Release](#creating-a-release)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Welcome to Quick!

We're building a testing framework for a new generation of Swift and
Objective-C developers.

Quick should be easy to use and easy to maintain. Let's keep things
simple and well-tested.

## Reporting Bugs

Nothing is off-limits. If you're having a problem, we want to hear about
it.

- See a crash? File an issue.
- Code isn't compiling, but you don't know why? Sounds like you should
  submit a new issue, bud.
- Went to the kitchen, only to forget why you went in the first place?
  Better submit an issue.

## Building the Project

- After cloning the repository, run `git submodule update --init` to pull the Nimble submodule.
- Use `Quick.xcworkspace` to work on Quick. The workspace includes
  Nimble, which is used in Quick's tests.

## Pull Requests

- Nothing is trivial. Submit pull requests for anything: typos,
  whitespace, you name it.
- Not all pull requests will be merged, but all will be acknowledged. If
  no one has provided feedback on your request, ping one of the owners
  by name.
- Make sure your pull request includes any necessary updates to the
  README or other documentation.
- Be sure the unit tests for both the OS X and iOS targets of both Quick
  and Nimble pass before submitting your pull request. You can run all
  the iOS and OS X unit tests using `rake`.
- To make minor updates to old versions of Quick that support Swift
  1.1, issue a pull request against the `swift-1.1` branch. The master
  branch supports Swift 1.2. Travis CI will only pass for pull requests
  issued against the `swift-1.1` branch.

### Style Conventions

- Indent using 4 spaces.
- Keep lines 100 characters or shorter. Break long statements into
  shorter ones over multiple lines.
- In Objective-C, use `#pragma mark -` to mark public, internal,
  protocol, and superclass methods. See `QuickSpec.m` for an example.

## Core Members

If a few of your pull requests have been merged, and you'd like a
controlling stake in the project, file an issue asking for write access
to the repository.

### Code of Conduct

Your conduct as a core member is your own responsibility, but here are
some "ground rules":

- Feel free to push whatever you want to master, and (if you have
  ownership permissions) to create any repositories you'd like.

  Ideally, however, all changes should be submitted as GitHub pull
  requests. No one should merge their own pull request, unless no
  other core members respond for at least a few days.

  Pull requests should be issued from personal forks. The Quick repo
  should be reserved for long-running feature branches.

  If you'd like to create a new repository, it'd be nice if you created
  a GitHub issue and gathered some feedback first.

- It'd be awesome if you could review, provide feedback on, and close
  issues or pull requests submitted to the project. Please provide kind,
  constructive feedback. Please don't be sarcastic or snarky.

## Creating a Release

The process is relatively straight forward, but here's is a useful checklist for tagging:

- Bump the version in `Quick.podspec` (update, commit, push to github)
- Look a changes from the previously tagged release and write release notes: `git log v0.4.0...HEAD`
    - The release notes should include user-facing information (api breakages, new features, bug fixes)
- Tag the version: `git tag -s vA.B.C -F release-notes-file`
- Push the tag: `git push origin vA.B.C`
- Push the podspec file to trunk: `pod trunk push Quick.podspec`
- Build the carthage pre-built binary:
  - `carthage build --no-skip-current`
  - `carthage archive Quick`
- Go to [github releases](https://github.com/Quick/Quick/releases) and mark the tagged commit as a release.
  - Use the same release notes you created for the tag, but tweak up formatting for github.
  - Attach the carthage release `Quick.framework.zip` to the release.
- Announce!

Commit message:

Update ReactiveCocoa to v4.0.0 alpha 4 with minor updates of some other modules.

Carthage/Checkouts/ReactiveCocoa/Carthage/Checkouts/Quick/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](http://doctoc.herokuapp.com/)*

- [Welcome to Quick!](#welcome-to-quick!)
  - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  - [Building the Project](#building-the-project)
  - [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
    - [Style Conventions](#style-conventions)
  - [Core Members](#core-members)
    - [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
  - [Creating a Release](#creating-a-release)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Welcome to Quick!

We're building a testing framework for a new generation of Swift and
Objective-C developers.

Quick should be easy to use and easy to maintain. Let's keep things
simple and well-tested.

## Reporting Bugs

Nothing is off-limits. If you're having a problem, we want to hear about
it.

- See a crash? File an issue.
- Code isn't compiling, but you don't know why? Sounds like you should
  submit a new issue, bud.
- Went to the kitchen, only to forget why you went in the first place?
  Better submit an issue.

Be sure to include in your issue:

- Your Xcode version (eg - Xcode 7.0.1 7A1001)
- Your version of Quick / Nimble (eg - v0.7.0 or git sha `7d0b8c21357839a8c5228863b77faecf709254a9`)
- What are the steps to reproduce this issue?

## Building the Project

- After cloning the repository, run `git submodule update --init` to pull the Nimble submodule.
- Use `Quick.xcworkspace` to work on Quick. The workspace includes
  Nimble, which is used in Quick's tests.

## Pull Requests

- Nothing is trivial. Submit pull requests for anything: typos,
  whitespace, you name it.
- Not all pull requests will be merged, but all will be acknowledged. If
  no one has provided feedback on your request, ping one of the owners
  by name.
- Make sure your pull request includes any necessary updates to the
  README or other documentation.
- Be sure the unit tests for both the OS X and iOS targets of both Quick
  and Nimble pass before submitting your pull request. You can run all
  the iOS and OS X unit tests using `rake`.
- The `master` branch will always support the stable Xcode version. Other
  branches will point to their corresponding versions they support.
- If you're making a configuration change, make sure to edit both the xcode
  project and the podspec file.

### Style Conventions

- Indent using 4 spaces.
- Keep lines 100 characters or shorter. Break long statements into
  shorter ones over multiple lines.
- In Objective-C, use `#pragma mark -` to mark public, internal,
  protocol, and superclass methods. See `QuickSpec.m` for an example.

## Core Members

If a few of your pull requests have been merged, and you'd like a
controlling stake in the project, file an issue asking for write access
to the repository.

### Code of Conduct

Your conduct as a core member is your own responsibility, but here are
some "ground rules":

- Feel free to push whatever you want to master, and (if you have
  ownership permissions) to create any repositories you'd like.

  Ideally, however, all changes should be submitted as GitHub pull
  requests. No one should merge their own pull request, unless no
  other core members respond for at least a few days.

  Pull requests should be issued from personal forks. The Quick repo
  should be reserved for long-running feature branches.

  If you'd like to create a new repository, it'd be nice if you created
  a GitHub issue and gathered some feedback first.

- It'd be awesome if you could review, provide feedback on, and close
  issues or pull requests submitted to the project. Please provide kind,
  constructive feedback. Please don't be sarcastic or snarky.

## Creating a Release

The process is relatively straight forward, but here's is a useful checklist for tagging:

- Look at changes from the previously tagged release and write release notes: `git log v0.4.0...HEAD`
- Run the release script: `./script/release A.B.C release-notes-file`
- Go to [github releases](https://github.com/Quick/Quick/releases) and mark the tagged commit as a release.
  - Use the same release notes you created for the tag, but tweak up formatting for github.
  - Attach the carthage release `Quick.framework.zip` to the release.
- Announce!
